---
notetype: automation
status: complete
author: Stephen Millard
---

**Author:** `$="[[" + dv.current().author + "]]"`

# Overview
Through the use of [[Toolbox Pro]] and [[Shortcuts]], it is possible to generate an image file from [[Apple|Apple's]] [[SF Symbols]] that can then be used to give you a broad and standardised set of icons for use with the [[Stream Deck|Elgato Stream Deck]], the Mac Touch Bar, [[Keyboard Maestro]] macro, or any number of launchers and tools where you might want an icon.

# How it Works
The shortcut sets some default colours (icon and background) if none have been set. These are stored in Toolbox Pro global variables. A menu is presented that allows the user to change those colours, generate a set of icons, or generate an icon by name.

If an icon is being generated by name, you will select the SF Symbol name, and the shortcut will then generate the icon. If a set of icons is being generated, it will generate them in batches (split based on volume). By batching, it simply allows a notification to be displayed to the user as it runs to show progress for longer runs.

Icons are saved as files with a particular file format ("`name`.`icon colour`.`background colour`.png") that ensures meaning and uniqueness. The files are saved to the folder specified in the shortcut, so if you wish to change the folder, you should do this in the shortcut - look for the "*Save File*" action.

The menu system in the shortcut also utilises a recursive call (it runs itself), allowing you to set a colour and immediately come back to the menu and not have to run the shortcut again.

# Useful Links
- [Stream Deck Icon Generator](https://www.thoughtasylum.com/2020/12/24/stream-deck-icon-generator/) - download the latest version of the shortcut here.
- [[EP068 - Stephen Millard and ThoughtAsylum]] - episode it was discussed most in.

# Episodes
```dataviewjs
await dv.view("/Meta/Scripts/Dataview/dv_ListedInEpisodesTable");
```
